Fix broken link (#1678)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: content/md/en/docs/tutorials/smart-contracts/use-maps-for-storing-values.md

You must always initialize a mapping before you use it in your contract to avoid mapping errors and inconsistencies.
To initialize a mapping, you need to do the following:

> - Add the [`SpreadAllocate`](https://docs.rs/ink_storage/3.3.1/ink_storage/traits/trait.SpreadAllocate.html) trait on the storage structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the [`SpreadAllocate`](https://docs.rs/ink_storage/latest/ink_storage/traits/trait.SpreadAllocate.html) trait on the storage structure.
```

- Specify the mapping key and the value mapped to it.

> - Call the [`ink_lang::utils::initalize_contract`](https://docs.rs/ink_lang/3.3.1/ink_lang/utils/fn.initialize_contract.html) function to initialize the mapping for the contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Call the [`ink_lang::utils::initalize_contract`](https://docs.rs/ink_lang/latest/ink_lang/utils/fn.initialize_contract.html) function to initialize the mapping for the contract.
```
